If no T1w is present, attempt to deface with a template t1w contained in petdeface/data/* (#55)
openneuropet/petdeface: docs/usage.rst

to the container by checking `FREESURFER_HOME`  and `FREESURFER_LICENSE` environment variables. If you 
receive an error message relating to the FreeSurfer license file, try setting and exporting the 
`FREESURFER_LICENSE` environment variable to the location of the FreeSurfer license file on the host 
machine.

Template Anatomical Images
-------------------------

When PET scans lack corresponding T1w anatomical images, PETdeface can use template anatomical images for 
registration and defacing. Three options are available:

- **`--use_template_anat t1`**: Uses a T1w template included with the PETdeface library
- **`--use_template_anat mni`**: Uses the MNI standard brain template  

> - **`--use_template_anat pet`**: Creates a template by averaging the PET data across time

Author: ```suggestion
- **`--use_template_anat pet`**: Creates a template by averaging a subjects PET image and using that averaged image in place of a T1 image 
```
